com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderRequestRetriever.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderRequestRetriever
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/flighthunt/FlightHunter.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.flighthunt.FlightHunter
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/VoiceService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.VoiceService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductHardware.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductHardware
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductAnimal.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductAnimal
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/provider/ProviderServiceGlutenFreeShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.provider.ProviderServiceGlutenFreeShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderServiceAnimal.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderServiceAnimal
com/kodilla/good/patterns/flighthunt/FlightsDatabase.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.flighthunt.FlightsDatabase
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderServiceHardware.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderServiceHardware
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Food2DoorApplication.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Food2DoorApplication
com/kodilla/good/patterns/flighthunt/Flight.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.flighthunt.Flight
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderRepositoryAnimal.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderRepositoryAnimal
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/provider/ProviderServiceExtraFoodShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.provider.ProviderServiceExtraFoodShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/MailService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.MailService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Food2DoorProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Food2DoorProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/provider/ProviderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.provider.ProviderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/RepositoryService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.RepositoryService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/ProductOrderRepositoryHardware.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.ProductOrderRepositoryHardware
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/provider/ProviderServiceHealthyShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.provider.ProviderServiceHealthyShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MovieStore.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MovieStore
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/DatabaseRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.DatabaseRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/srp/MailService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.srp.MailService
